# ADVANCEDJAVA8
===============

ADVANCEDJAVA8   is focused  on   Advanced  Technologies  simillar  to JdollarPart2. which   is   invented    by wilmix jemin j  in  JAS P.L @2017


AS  JAVA  SOURCE  CODE  CAN  BE EASILY TAKEN USING  JAD Decompiler . JAVA/J2ee Fails  completly.

So any offices  who implement   JAVA source  code can be  eaily taken be hackers thru internet.

1) ADVANCEDJAVA8   is very simple when  compare  to Spring ,Struts, JSF.


ADVANTAGES:
==========

=>Very Less code  than  JAVA /J2ee 

=> SAVES Time and Cost.

=> Eliminated  need of Jar  files ; since  this will occupy more  MB or GB.

=> EASY to USE and Learn and focus

=> Learnable than JAVA.

=> Good  Security.




2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to AJAVA2  or interact with AJAVA2

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of AJAVA2 to eliminate AJAVA2 demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with AJAVA2.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEB professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with AJAVA2 and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with WEB.

17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on WEB used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in WEB.

19) AJAVA2REmote => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L for creating remoteserver.

20) AJAVA2JSLASH => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L

21) SAP =>interaction with sap P.L

22) PHY=> Interaction with phython P.L.

23) 
  AJAVA2  Advanced Business
=================================
AJAVA2  is focused  on  interaction  with JSWORD.

Note: Here  we use  only   JAVA.exe  and JAVA .dll 
